Parse both legacy and schema-based preciceDict configuration files (#354)
precice/openfoam-adapter: docs/config.md

Additionally, since earlier versions, only the beginning of the name needs to match: `Temperatures0` is valid and matched to the temperature reader/writer, for example.
{% endtip %}

> Since v1.4.0, `readData` and `writeData` support parsing the new dictionary schema. Additional options (`solver_name`, `operation` and `flip-normal`) can be specified in the dictionaries . For example, the data `name` as known by preCICE can be different than the `solver_name` known by OpenFOAM. However, the new options are not yet functionally supported by the current modules FF, CHT and FSI. The legacy word list format is still supported, and both formats can even be mixed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are currently working in porting the adapter configuration file to the new [adapter configuration schema](https://github.com/precice/preeco-orga/tree/main/adapter-config-schema). Since v1.4.0, `readData` and `writeData` support parsing both the new format. Additional options (`solver_name`, `operation` and `flip-normal`) can be specified in the dictionaries . For example, the data `name` as known by preCICE can be different than the `solver_name` known by OpenFOAM. However, the new options are not yet functionally supported by the current modules FF, CHT and FSI. The legacy word list format is still supported, and both formats can even be mixed:
```

```cpp
readData
(
    // New dictionary entry
    Velocity1
    {
        name        Velocity;   // Data name as defined in preCICE config
        solver_name U;          // Optional: Field name in OpenFOAM (defaults to same as 'name')
        operation   value;      // Optional: Operation to perform on data (defaults to 'value')
        flip-normal false;      // Optional: Flip the normal direction (defaults to 'false')
    }

    // Legacy word entry
    Temperature
);
```

> 

Author: Let me know what you think about this documentation. I would like to stress more that the new options are not yet functionally supported, but just simply parsed. If the GENERIC module makes it to v1.4.0, then I could update this statement. But the new schema has to be merged before the GENERIC module in order to make the options functional in the new module. 

Also, the placement of this documentation may be awkward. Maybe you have a different idea on where to put this?

Reviewer: Good point, I moved the documentation to the bottom, next to the current comment on porting to the current configuration format, to give this less prominence, but also to point to the future.
